Go: extract and expose struct tags, interface method IDs (#17357)
github/codeql: go/ql/lib/change-notes/2024-09-03-tags-and-interface-ids.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added methods `StructTag.hasOwnFieldWithTag` and `Field.getTag`, which enable CodeQL queries to examine struct field tags.
> * Added method `InterfaceType.getMethodTypeById`, which enables CodeQL queries to distinguish interfaces with matching non-exported method names that are declared in different packages, and are therefore incompatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added member predicates `StructTag.hasOwnFieldWithTag` and `Field.getTag`, which enable CodeQL queries to examine struct field tags.
* Added member predicate `InterfaceType.getMethodTypeById`, which enables CodeQL queries to distinguish interfaces with matching non-exported method names that are declared in different packages, and are therefore incompatible.
```
